hello my name is Laura and I will explain
how mushroom cheese works in
first of all tell you that you have to put it
in an area in the coolest area of
our house as a kitchen in
covered laundry rooms or basements with light and
windows where we have ventilation not
never expose it to the sun directly on
Second, do not do anything to the
mushrooms cheese when we buy it
neither remove the flap lid nor remove
plastic or make holes in it
container is ready so that by the
top hole start to come out
mushrooms in third place is very important
self ventilation ventilation
a house is enough you can not
expose
to a current of air since the
fungus would suffer and would not go well in
fourth place the ideal temperature for
that the mushroom leaves oscillates between
14 and 19 degrees Celsius
to 2022 they could also come out but better
between 14 to 19
fifth will be applied with a
water sprayer when we see that
begin to come out the first primordia
meanwhile nothing is not watered the cheese
of the mushroom neither in the tap nor with
sprayer only when they start
get out the first primordia that are
some little white bumps through the little hole
from above and moving the lid
we started to spray at 30 centimeters
with tap water nothing else one two three
four times a day
if your place when the zeta have the
almost flat edge
and a little reset reseca is good not
we get to have the dry but when
the edge we see it flat are ready
to collect how the
mushroom cheese very easy messes
hands underneath are not cut off
they start as if giving a half turn and
pulling up once we have
collected the mushroom we cleaned well the
little hole in the remaining trunk
to make way for the next harvest
when the recommended days pass
in seventh place once he has given us
the first harvest to consume
all you have to do is clean the
hole, you do not have to throw water, there's no
to remove a lid nothing simply what
we leave in the same place where
We had and we waited between 20 and 30 days
that the second thing will come out of two to
three crops as for the consumption of
a family and a tasting of
delicatessen because it is a product
fresh natural and freshly cut the only thing
ask them to have a little bit of
patience and I hope you like our
invention and nothing else thank you
when